participant at the “Bolzano SNOWDAYS 2014” from 20th to 22nd of March 2014 declares to release the organizers from any liability towards the undersigned and from any responsibility regarding potential casualties suffered or a damage inflicted to a third party in the exercise of the activities of the whole sports event.

LEGAL ASPECTS

During the whole event any student who willingly or grossly negligently damages anything will be held responsible for the complete amount of the damage inflicted.

If I BREAK or LOSE my sledge during the Moon-Sledge-Riding on Thursday 20th  I will have to pay a fee of 150€  to the S.C.U.B.
In case of property damages either at students dorm or guest houses, I will have to pay the related costs. 
The SNOWDAYS team cannot take any responsibility for sport accidents or self-inflicted accidents, thefts or losses of any kind. Please take care and look after your belongings yourself.

I authorize the release of pictures of me taken during the event from 20th to 22nd March 2014 on the official website of the event and on other internet channels controlled by the organizational team and on informational material.

I authorize the release of video of me taken during the event from 20th to 22nd March 2014 on the official website of the event and on other internet channels controlled by the organizational team and on informational material.


TABLE BOULDERING 

The undersigned is aware of the specific risks and potential of bodily injury from participation in table bouldering. 
The undersigned also understands that the use of table bouldering takes places without supervision and at your own risk. 
Participants assume all risks and agree to hold organizers and owners of the table used for table bouldering harmless from any accidents and injuries of any kind that may occur. 

RULES

1. Respect:

as you will be guest of a student who volunteered to offer you a place to sleep, you are expected to behave appropriately, i.e. take care of your host’s apartment and try to keep it as neat as possible.
Illegal drugs are not tolerated.
Please pay respect to your host’s rules and all the other participants. 
Please do also not make noise when coming home from the party or damage things in the streets.

2. Food and Beverage:

Take care while handling food and drinks at your hosts as well as in the party afterwards. Your host is not expected to give you food or drinks.

3. Fairplay:

In order for everyone to enjoy the games, to guarantee equal chances and to secure your future participation in SNOWDAYS, please be aware that Fairplay is requested from everyone.
Please keep in mind: it’s a game, we don’t want you to seriously hurt each other.

4. Friendship:

At SNOWDAYS we create an atmosphere of friendship and understanding among the universities. This implies that you treat each other respectfully.

5. Sleeping:

I accept the house rules of the student dorms and the instructions of my host. I accept to be excluded from the SNOWDAYS for the violation of house rules or instructions of host. 


Please understand that we reserve the right to exclude participants who are strongly violating these general rules of behaviour in order to ensure an environment in which everybody may feel relaxed and comfortable. 


For the accuracy of statement, 
